outrageous
A master of the Dong family is so arrogant
I told you to kill the grass and roots
Don't leave yourself with trouble
You really killed Chu Jiangdong
Shouldn't we?
How to say that the green concubine is Dong Jiagurong
How can we kill our husbands and raise their children?
He is a family disgrace and has to bear the consequences
Is there a problem?
I already asked.
Medical paralysis license
Hospitals lack the rule of law
There is no rule of law without governance
Does it make our Dong family want to bow to an outsider?
You probably forgot
Only Young Master Yan actually came to Dragon City
Xiang Yixue is considerate
You can provoke the Yan family
Medical Snow's disease must be treated
But bow to that bastard
It's not going to happen.
how
Don't you even recognize your own biological father?
He sent someone to kill me, Zhao
Cao Yi is not my father
I have been ruthless all my life
You may not recognize me, but your mother has loved you since childhood
Now critically ill
Life on the line
You don't want to see him one last time